hi everyone today I'm gonna do a Q&A
video it's been ages
[Music]
she won't need me alone if you wondering
where I am
this is to have spending Christmas so
you may recognize it from there and it's
very baby to us right quickly in a few
days sunshine and I finished my exams
now so hopefully I'll be back
it's full-time youtubing from now on I
took a few days break and now I can you
do to make video for you I ask for your
questions on Twitter
Emilia asks d-plan I'm doing a blog
server is there something else you want
to be able to see you
at the moment I don't know I don't think
I'm going to be a blogger forever I
might I don't know what that's gonna be
yet for a while I want to do an office
kind of job is not really very me so I
probably end up doing something creative
but I'm not really sure what that is yet
Holly asks are you glad you took a gap
year and a few other people asked that
as well I'm so so glad as you get it was
so much fun and I got to take a break
from work as well I think after doing
like a solid what how long do we spend
on screen I remember many years in
school I think it was really nice to
take a break
juicy traveling through the world a
little bit he has been us what's your
biggest piece of advice for moving away
from you I think my biggest piece of
advice having kind of lives where it
would be choose your accommodation
wisely go on student forums I didn't do
that and check how close your
accommodations to uni and to see what
the kind of atmosphere is like generally
at your accommodations I think it makes
a massive difference
Emily says do you enjoy your uni course
change this year's course has been great
I don't need a great course but next
year it's a lot better and as soon as
you start getting to choose I don't
believe a high pass how did you feel cut
going from long to short hair would you
recommend it any regrets I am so glad
don't like to talk my hair off first of
all I just think it's my face better
nice we asked what is the one extra
color definite without have to be nude
just because I don't like the natural
color of my lips so day to day where are
you planning on doing you I would really
like to a year board but I think I'd
like to
[Music]
just a little bit and my advice on how
not to care what people think I'll feel
comfortable in yourself I actually did
an advice video on that which covers
kind of not caring what people think
about what you wear or Eric asked me
what was it like starting school again
after a gap you know sorry rose bud
asked where do you see yourself in five
years it's probably just a friend
two weeks or 10 days definitely a plan
because you're gonna want to know when
your trains leave so you can get to the
next place probably wanted quite a lot
of the trains and just look at hospitals
you don't really need to go crazy urban
hostels but if you're going for a long
period of time it's actually much nicer
to just wing it have a kind of big fan
of we're going to go when and nannies
because you'll have a few more days in
each place you can always just kind of
like a nicer way to do it
what's the best place you visited in my
just have been built up in my memory but
my favorite place I've ever been to ask
me how jr. asked me is it hard to find
the time you're not free and it's not
hard to find your time and I just go
through phases with it some like for a
couple months out I'm using Captain
Corelli's I really knew it
I think that's everything I have time
for today guys because the camera is
running out but I hope you enjoyed this
video
I
you